"azurerm_kubernetes_cluster" supports "fips_enabled", "kubelet_disk_type", "license" and "azurerm_kubernetes_cluster_node_pool" supports "fips_enabled", "kubelet_disk_type" (#11835)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/kubernetes_cluster_node_pool.html.markdown

* `linux_os_config` - (Optional) A `linux_os_config` block as defined below.

> * `fips_enabled` - (Optional) Should the nodes in this Node Pool have Federal Information Processing Standard enabled? Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: also here

```suggestion
* `fips_enabled` - (Optional) Should the nodes in this Node Pool have Federal Information Processing Standard enabled? Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

~> NOTE: FIPS support is in Public Preview - more information and details on how to opt into the Preview can be found in [this article](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/use-multiple-node-pools#add-a-fips-enabled-node-pool-preview).
```

* `linux_os_config` - (Optional) A `linux_os_config` block as defined below.

* `fips_enabled` - (Optional) Should the nodes in this Node Pool have Federal Information Processing Standard enabled? Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

~> NOTE: FIPS support is in Public Preview - more information and details on how to opt into the Preview can be found in [this article](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/use-multiple-node-pools#add-a-fips-enabled-node-pool-preview).

> * `kubelet_disk_type` - (Optional) The type of disk used by kubelet. Defaults to `OS`. Possible Values are `OS`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `kubelet_disk_type` - (Optional) The type of disk used by kubelet. Defaults to `OS`. At this time the only possible value is `OS`.
```
